single apple 15p
adjustment add 10p apple
single apple 10p
multiple 10 apple 10p
adjustment multiply 2p apple
single banana 10p
adjustment add 10p banana
single apple 10p
multiple 10 banana 10p
single apple 15p
adjustment subtract 10p apple
single apple 10p
multiple 10 apple 10p
adjustment multiply 2p apple
single banana 10p
single apple 10p
multiple 10 banana 10p
single apple 15p
multiple 10 apple £5
single apple 10p
multiple 10 apple 13p
adjustment multiply 2p apple
multiple 7 apple 10p
adjustment add 10p banana
single apple 10p
multiple 10 banana 10p
single apple 15p
multiple 10 apple £5
adjustment add 10p apple
single apple 10p
multiple 10 apple 10p
adjustment multiply 2p apple
single banana 10p
adjustment add 10p banana
single apple 10p
multiple 10 banana 10p
single apple 15p
multiple 10 apple £5
single apple 15p
multiple 10 apple £5
adjustment add 10p apple
single apple 10p
multiple 10 apple 10p
adjustment multiply 2p apple
single banana 10p
adjustment add 10p banana
single apple 10p
adjustment add 10p apple
single apple 15p
multiple 10 banana 10p
